Well, you yourself saw really in the first
half before the deletions played worthy scored
balls or more moments but then to
Unfortunately, I, I do not want to speak for
judges well what did Andrei Yarmolenko
he probably saw his friend
teammate he lies expires
blood from an open wound it probably is
saw the side judge who stood
football players probably saw it
gain gamma but they have absolutely no effect on it
did not react continued attack I
I understand if a football player is lying
pretends if he has an open wound
he is bleeding this is probably I do not know
ether file like this how to call it if
no judge nobody sees it i can't
now there blame ermolin when he
did a rough foul i agree with that but
he probably see him as a friend
urgently need help
everyone saw this except for the judge and
young man behavior I can not judge now
because i didn't see this moment i
watched a completely different side we
we will understand and of course we will sort it all
of course if you add about heroes
those guys who stayed we said about
this in the locker room you now go beyond
whole team for 24 people
and I am very grateful that they fought they
really did not defend
opportunities for counterattack there though
tried but they gave all that is on
field probably now in the locker room they
even can not go in the shower because
no strength to go there probably we all them
thankful that they fought in 8 room
against of course this is a quality team
probably the fact that they are from the first minute
started pressing well i'm glad that guys
confident enough to go out of
this pressure and create moments
again and what I said before deleting
up to 1 delete up to 2 i think we played
very worthy i hope that guys
will remember
and we will remind them with pleasure how
they played like they came out well
out of pressure how they attacked me
I personally liked the game how it is
held until removal then of course it
It was
really heroism that showed
guys sorry bad sidorchuk all
I was taken to the hospital with an open wound
I think that there is enough as if
that when I saw this open wound to me
it became bad
lance the same goes limping with him
a very strong injury that he could not
keep playing probably that's all for now
I can not answer this now highlighted
go out on the field now limping in
very strong whisper I can answer
just for what is really like
now said yes it happened all this
the game is already gone right now it's in history yes
the guys stayed in this game
really heroes we have the answer
in the game, I am sure that the team will
much angrier we will prepare ourselves to
In this game, I’m sure we will fight money
I expect our victories
foot victor